how do you zoom in I'm going to be like
booty booty booty booty booty booty
booty booty Shotter
hey guys what time is Kylie and I have
another haul for you guys I don't know
what to do myself I can't stop shopping
redo my channel subscribe if you like
hauls and you're in luck because I
literally have shopping problem which
aren't saying every video but like I'm
serious region really okay all this
clothing is from fashion Nova but I have
not been sponsored by fashion over ever
and this is not sponsored I don't even
think they sponsor people under a
certain amount of subscribers itemizing
it's so much for 20k I don't even know
today was you guys are awesome thank you
so much for liking me but you guys just
want to see my clothes so let's go so
the first thing I actually got into jean
jacket that I'm wearing and I love it a
lot except for the fact the buttons are
kind of loud I've had Jean d'Arc before
and the buttons were never it is loose
if you like what I'm talking 7 video
just going to cling together
besides the loud buttons it is so cute
you're going out on a summer night and
you're like oh there's gonna be bugs and
mosquitoes it's going to be cold don't
worry this jacket because I've had so
many skier bites on my elbows and your
feet and your elbows are probably the
worst place oh interface to get mosquito
right glow board I hate mosquitoes the
next thing I got is a jumpsuit I talk
about all this clothing that it wasn't
all my snapchat so make sure you guys go
follow me and also Instagram I'll just
leave everything so promos so I got this
jumpsuit and I got this because I really
really really want to wear this at
school you know I don't know I want
people that like to be comfy at school
and I don't address that but you'll
never catch me dead and probably a jean
jacket at school just because they're
not the comfiest I don't know I think
this looks a lot cuter than a sweater
and sweatpants because it's kind of like
a jumpsuit and it has slits in the knees
so it looks kind of fancy but it's
literally just sweater in sweatpants
attached together then I say I got is
this white shirt which is very dirty
because I've worn it three times and
when I was sick clothes I don't know
what this is but it looks like someone
literally cried on my tit I don't know
what it is but the whole night it
literally looks like my nipple is
showing through it it's very very very
cute I really like white I'm pretty sure
I said this in one of my videos already
that white is my favorite color to wear
next thing I got is also white and it's
actually a set and I think this is like
my second set but this is my first one
from Tasha Nova and I would definitely
be buying more this is a top it kind of
looks like one of those crochet like
bathing suit talks but it is so for can
Hugh and I don't have to
wrote this so you know me y'all have to
wear a bra it's a bonus it just ties
like a bathing to at the bottom and the
top and and then it came with matching
shorts obviously in to set these are
very very cute everything fits me
perfectly I cannot wait to wear this on
vacation what a surprise another white
shirt I really like this top because
this leaves a very extra like me very
very very flattering on the tattoos like
it's called the cha-cha top it should be
called the tattoo top it is so nice and
it's like a trio I don't even know but
it's so comfy if you like kind of like a
pajama top if you know anything the next
day I got wear a pair of jeans I got two
pairs of jeans actually because I bought
fashion over jeans to my first order
that I ordered from them and I think of
them and I won't wear any other jeans
Topshop can literally suck my ass
because I'm not paying $100 for Jean I
conveyed $34.99 for these and get their
to cut off on fashion of us they are
freaking adorable they looked a little
more blue online but I don't really care
I actually went to a family get-together
and my grandpa asked me if I got paid
yet because I need a new pair of jeans
seniors these days wonderly every time I
wear of jeans I get a little comment
like that it's kind of funny though
these are a size three which is a W 25
against at the waist 25 really really
like these I cut them at the bottom when
I wear them you guys will see in the
dryer I also got a pair of shorts which
literally look humongous when I put them
on they fit me perfectly they actually
fit me a lot better than the other
fashion of a shorts that I ordered
because the waist is I guess tighter
since I smell but they're very blue very
denim I look great with one of my white
tops I also got this top and I'm not
sure what this one is called because I
took the tags off but I'll leave it
somewhere and it's very very very cute
very like rodeo looking ish style I
don't even know what this is called ding
genome or something pattern is checkered
to me oh very cute I find actually what
is to our little bar club thing that we
have in town and she looks so good in it
though flattering you don't need to wear
a bra with it I'm on a high for shirt
that you need to wear a bra with so if
you guys know when you let me know the
last thing I got from fashion OVA or
another pair of jeans I got these in a
three as well these are the glistening
jeans and white very stretchy very high
waisted very very flattering like I lost
my butt and he's just accentuate that
area so much you'll make more I don't
really like about this is that it's kind
of see-through I don't know if you're
going to be able to tell I feel like
with every pair of white jeans if you
wear a bright
pink salt you're going to see through it
that's what I did when I tried these on
I don't know I'm an idiot but these are
so cute they make you look so tan and I
haven't worn them yet as you can see but
I have tried them on and I can't wait to
wear these oh I just don't want to wear
these to a club or like out where I'm
drinking because if anyone spills their
drink on my pants I'll probably a cup of
joe so I did it for my fashion overhaul
I really hope you guys enjoyed it thank
you guys so much for the love and
support on my channel you guys are
awesome I don't even know what to say
20k giveaway is going to come up very
very soon I'm just trying to figure out
what to buy for all the prizes and you
guys so much for watching bye guys
Oh
[Music]